Well, you ought to find I had with David Crockett, half horse, half coonin', half dry rocket.
I met Colonel Davy going out of coonin', so I gave you Crockett how you hunt without a gun.
Oh, says E-Pomp-A-Smash, if you follow along with Davy, I'll soon show you how far to grin a coon crazy.
I followed along with Davy till Davy spotted a squirrel, sitting on a pine log eating sheep's sorrel.
And he stopped right still, and for me began to feel.
Says E-Pomp-A-Smash, let me brace against the heel.
I stuck out my heel, far to brace up the center.
Old Davy began to grin a little harder for his dinner.
Oh, at last, Davy said, oh, I surely must be dead, for I thought I saw the bark fall around the critter's head.
We both went up for the truth to discover, the devil rose to all pompous lies his liver.
Was a great big knot about the size of a barrel Says I, David Crockett, do you call that a squirrel And a hyah, hyah, hyah Oh, I tell you, black cat Oh, I tell you, mustn't laugh If you do, I pin your ears back and bite you in half I throw down my gun and I drop my ammunition Says I, David Crockett, I'll cool your ambition
He backed both ears and he puffed like a steamer, says he fought for smash, I'm a Tennessee streamer.
And we both locked arms and a soft breath was gone, for I've never hugged you tight since the hour I was born.
We fought a half a day and we both agreed to drop it, for I was badly whipped and so was David Crockett.
come to examine far ahead gosh both of them were missing for he had bit off my head and i swallowed his and we both did agree for to let each other be for i was rather hard for him and so was he for me